Good morning, family. How are you all
doing today? Praise the Lord. I had a
dream last night, and the Lord spoke to
me, warning me to
warn you all about watching your
children during the holiday season. When
you're going out shopping, don't get
distracted. If you take
them into a mall or a major
retail store, don't get distracted with
your surroundings.
I saw that there was a
plan while people were distracted;
they had children
wandering around, going off from
them a little bit to
look at
presents or something from the
store. These were younger kids, probably
ten
years old and younger. I saw
men watching the
children and watching the parents
secretly, as
if
they didn't know
they were being followed. These
mothers were distracted with all the
other kids. If you had
two or three kids with
you, you would be distracted with
shopping because the
places were full of people. As the
other kid would wander off,
I saw the men
assigned to grab these children
for
bad
intentions. This
is
something we can
pray against today. I've seen in
the comments where people ask, "Where did the 350,000 kids go?"After my son
brought that up, I had this
dream. I know when the Lord's
speaking to me because I wake up and
can't stop thinking about it all day;
it's stirring in my spirit.
I believe the Lord
is warning me to warn you all so
that you are on
guard. I've
warned you about being in public places
already because of people doing stupid
things with mass shootings and big events. I am
praying over
the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade
next week,
Rockin'New
Year's Eve,
Atlanta—because
He showed
me Atlanta—the shopping
malls, and events in
general because it's a very active
time of year. This was just another
thing the Lord brought up to
tell people: watch your
children. Do not walk in fear; it's not a
call to fear, but a call to
prayer so that your
antenna is up.
Keep your antennas up
because the enemy
has a plan all the time to kill, steal,
and destroy. We pray against those
plans so that people are watching their
kids and their surroundings
when they go shopping. It's an exciting
time, and people are not paying
attention because they
are looking
at sales.
I
wanted to
shed some light on
an enemy plan to
kidnap children and take them into
slavery. I've been praying
over the war,
interceding for what I believe
would be an acceleration of what I've
seen
coming. I believe the Lord wants to give
us a
window of extended grace and
favor, turning things around with the
economy. I've told you all
about
the attack against the economy
and
the house of
cards
falling.
My son
is
making a video for you right
now, and this was the Antichrist flag
that the Lord showed me when I went to
tribulation with Jesus. This is what the
Antichrist will raise up and put on
all the buildings whenever he is ruling.
He makes you take down your country's flag
and
put up his.
I tried
to the best of
my ability to remember the
five stars representing
the five pillars of Islam.
It
is
very interesting, like the UN logo, but this is the
old Afghan flag from
the
2000s.
After
Afghanistan fell, it was the Northern
Alliance flag
that
this
actually looks like.
My son made this, and it
came right out of my spirit.
When
somebody said it
looked
like the Northern Afghanistan Alliance
flag, I was like,
"What?"I
bring all this
up
to
rehash it because
there are
a lot of new faces
here.
I'm grateful for every single one of
you subscribing.
I
was out in the garage praying,
and I heard the Lord tell me,
"Trump will be known as a wartime
president."I
thought, "Well, that's not good."I
asked the
Lord
for
the
direction
of
2025.
Are we going to
have a major crash
or
see the house of cards
fall? I was praying over the
plague I've seen coming,
the economy, and
the new digital platform
they're birthing.
The
Lord showed me key people in NATO
were trying to stir up this war because
Trump was going to try to pull out
completely and not fund
the Ukrainian thing. The Lord
showed me
Trump would
try to strong-arm Putin, but the
Lord said, "You will not be able to
strong-arm Putin this way."He'll have to
handle him with caution because
things have escalated rapidly.
We have to pray he has supernatural
wisdom on how to walk around landmines
because you're dealing with an
aggressive enemy that is like a
wounded
animal.
This
war
has
been going on for four years. Emmanuel
Macron
has
been
kind of
quiet since
President Trump was announced,
but
I told you the UK would
be involved, supplying
missiles and
trying to provoke a major World War
III
by sending these long-range weapons.
Biden is going alongside it,
saying
they're
innocent while giving
these weapons. They're
saying if you do this, we're going to use
weapons we've never used
before—weapons
of mass
destruction,
major
artillery.
Old Cold War alliances are trying to
stir up again.
The Lord showed me
they would try to bring down the
dollar through BRICS and other things.
They were watching to see how
President Trump or Kamala Harris
would handle the
next phases
because they had a plan both
ways. I believe it's through an
acceleration of
war.
The
Lord told me there are very sobering days
ahead.
How the body of Christ
will get through this is by being
filled
with the Holy Spirit. In these last
days, you will have to maintain a spirit
of joy and
keep
yourself under the umbrella of His
protection,
understanding your
covenant and
walking in your authority in
Psalm
91 and Psalm 23.
I believe with all my heart we will
see the plague; it will come
and
do what the Bible said: plagues and pestilences. Do we fear it?
No,
but
we
are
here
for the birthing pains.
As labor pains upon a woman,
they get more intense.
He said He would
always provide for and take care of His beloved.
We walk with wisdom
and
pray
over what He tells us.
The body of Christ must rise up
more than ever and take
authority
so that the devil
does not get a foothold.
The Lord told me, "When
the election's over is not when
this starts; it's when you put your
foot on the gas even harder,
interceding for what's
coming."The
enemy
has a plan, and we are to put a kink
in his hose.
I have a book right here called "The Ultimate Voice"by
Oral Roberts. Diana is
reading
with me
now. She's
been helping me
answer emails; it's been
crazy, hasn't it, babe?
This
was
the
last
book
Oral Roberts
ever wrote
in his 90s,
and
there
are
nuggets
in here on how to
hear the voice of the Lord for yourself.
You don't need a prophet to hear
about
investments or
where you're supposed to
live. You have the Holy
Spirit inside
you. Reading books like this fans the
flame. Diana, read that passage.
[Diana
reads]:
"God will call you to
become an extension to others of what
He has done in your life. The area of
your life that God heals
is very likely the area of service
He
wants you to extend to others.
The
person who has been healed emotionally
from abuse becomes a healer to those who
are abused. The person who has been
healed physically becomes a nurse
or physician.
No person
can minister God’s love to another
person beyond his level of personal
experience. To
minister
God’s
love,
the other person must know that you have
been where he is.
You will find it difficult to
believe for others to have a miracle
unless you have
experienced that miracle in your own
life.
Once
you have experienced
miracles, it is easy
to believe for
miracles in the
lives of others.
I have
been a far more compassionate
evangelist because I
know what it means to have been sick.
What He has done in you, He
likely desires to do through
you."Do
you see that?
What have you come
through in
your life?
God will use that
pain
to help someone else who
is
walking through it right now because you
have compassion for it.
We have more
compassion for people with special needs.
Every
single time I see them, it makes me want
to weep.
When someone
has
walked through cancer, they
have
more compassion. When
we
went
to
Billy
Burke,
he said
you will have an anointing for
women that have children with special
needs in the womb—with Down syndrome and
things like
that—because
we've walked through
that
valley of
the shadow of death.
Diana
and
I
stand with you for your kids
and
special needs children.
We're going to pray
over your
children,
this war, and
protection as you go
to the malls. Be like
a
military
scout watching
the wall;
my kids aren't leaving my side.
Father, I thank
You for every person
represented here
today. We plead the blood of Jesus over
their children and over the
350,000 who have disappeared
coming over the
border. I thank You, Father, that all
hidden things be revealed, from sex
trafficking to slavery and all
kinds of evil.
I call judgment down
on the people who have
done anything to these kids.
You
said it would be
better to have never been born
or have a millstone thrown
around
your neck and be dragged to the
bottom of the ocean if you lay
hands on one of these
little children.
Show the
authorities, the
Trump
administration—when
they come into power,
they will find every single one of them
and bring them to
safety.
Let
all hidden things be revealed.
We
thank You, Lord, that the FBI and
Homeland Security would
find every single one of them,
and the people who did anything harsh
will be prosecuted.
I thank You, Father, for every child
during this holiday season.
As their moms or dads are shopping, they
are protected.
Whatever the devil
means for bad,
I thank You that
You will
put a discernment even stronger in
these families.
We believe for Your divine
protection concerning Christmas
shopping. I thank You that when
they're going out, they will not
have any kind of mass casualties,
shootings,
or
terrorist attacks.
Your angelic host
is
watching over us.
There is no terrorist attack on
Rockin'New
Year's Eve or on
the
parade.
No weapon formed against
the Thanksgiving Day Parade will
prosper.
Now, Father, we lift up the war. We
thank You
that
there is a kink in the enemy's plan and
an
exposing of this in
Jesus'name.
There
is
confusion in the enemy's camp
so
they
cannot
destroy
lives through war.
We tell you, devil, you are
under our feet.
We thank You, Lord, that
we will not have
casualties in our homes.
Trump is raising up godly leadership
around him.
I
thank You, Lord—I just saw
that—praying
over the woman from
Florida, an
attempt to take Trump out
concerning
a
blonde-headed
woman.
I say the blonde-headed woman
will not touch Trump at
all.
She will be exposed and found
out. He will have wisdom not to
go around this person.
We take authority
in
Florida that no Jezebel
blonde-headed
woman will take out
Trump.
Her plans
and
schemes
are
revealed and exposed.
No
attacks on his life will
be successful.
He
will
fulfill his
divine assignment.
Around
him, there would be godly people,
not
distractions.
He is
picking the good people that are going
to lead this nation back to
victory. I thank You
for a divine hedge of protection
over the next
59 days. No
weapon formed against this nation will
prosper
through
December and January leading
to the
inauguration.
We will get Joe Biden out of power and
he and Kamala Harris will be retired.
As they
lead
right now, I thank You
that
any evil schemes are
uncovered and they are not able to
finish them.
There is
peace over America.
I pray over Israel and
the
Palestinian children.
We
pray over
the Palestinian children and thank You
that
they
are
protected—the
innocent blood.
I pray over Elon Musk and
call him born again, saved,
sanctified, and filled with the Holy
Spirit. He will have a
saving knowledge of Lord Jesus Christ
and be baptized in the Holy
Spirit.
This is a time
where
great men and women
will rise up and be like the
next Billy Grahams, using their
celebrity
to spread the
Gospel throughout the whole world. God
will use
Starlink
now for
good to spread the Gospel.
Elon Musk is born
again, and people
will be
put on his path
to tell him about
Jesus.
Diana
is going to pray for
women now. [Diana
prays]: Father,
for all the women
believing
to conceive a baby, we
lift them up and speak
life over their wombs,
healing over their
reproductive
systems,
ovaries, and
fallopian tubes. We thank You
that they are able to conceive
and carry to full
term.
Your word
says
our vine will not cast its
fruit before its time.
They are
able to conceive easily and have
healthy
pregnancies.
When they deliver,
it
would be an easy process
and
those babies would be healthy
whole.
Their
Apgar
scores would be perfect. We
thank You for whole
babies and
wonderful deliveries.
We speak over the home that the
marriages are whole
and
the parents have a
foundation on the word
to
train
the children in the way they
should go.
[Brendan
continues]:
I
agree with that. Thank You,
Lord, for no
postpartum depression
and
that
babies would
be able to nurse
easily.
We
do
what
You've assigned us to
do with great joy. Bless their households. If Your people
called by Your name humble themselves and
pray, You
will
heal
our land.
We
are
believing for
a
million
people
to pray with us
daily.
We are changing things in the
spirit realm.
The enemy
is not happy, but we are not moved
by what we see or feel.
We do what You've
called us to do
with great boldness, not holding back
anything.
Every person
here
is
healed and whole.
Just
like the children of Israel, their feet did not
swell,
and
they didn't have
arthritis
or
disease.
Your children today have a
better covenant than
that
of
Abraham.
We walk in divine health in a
greater capacity because we have a
greater covenant.
We
are
healed by Your stripes.
If there is any sick among you, call
for the elders. Back then, it
was an "if"because
they weren't
expecting them to
be
sick.
We
thank You that we walk in
Divine Healing.
We are called to be the
salt of the earth.
As we draw nigh to You, You draw
nigh to us. We seek
Your face
every day because
we're desperate for Your voice
and
an
intimate relationship.
We
want to
follow
the voice
of the Lord
and
be filled with and controlled by the
Holy Spirit.
Holy Spirit, we thank You that You
are a great comforter and teacher.
We
hear
Your
voice
all the
time. I am good at hearing
the voice of the
Lord.
He
is
speaking to me
now.
We
have
an
inward
knowing;
no confusion with
a
demonic spirit.
We take authority over the spirit
of torment and fear.
We hear clearly
what the Father has to say.
This is
the day the Lord has made; we will
rejoice and be glad in it. We're so
thankful that
we have another day to do
something big for You.
Amen. Well, we
believe that for you today.
This is a time like no
other. That fly—I hate those
flies—is
trying to distract while
we're praying.
You better count your
seconds, buddy; you're fixing to
be
gone.
People probably pointed him out in the
comments.
We're excited you're here
today. Like
the video and subscribe.
Click the notification
bell.
You are
helping the Gospel spread
throughout the whole world.
If you're
interested
in the book,
it will be in the
link in the description. We don't
make anything off
it; I only put
five-star
books
that I think would help the
body of Christ.
Thank you for
joining us today. We will be here
again tomorrow.
I
believe
this is day 40.
I feel like the Lord told me to do
this full-time. Prayer
changes things;
it's
the
only
thing
that
does.
I
appreciate your prayers because when
you
disrupt
the kingdom of
darkness, they don't like that.
Diana
and
I
both thank you for covering us in
prayer.
Put a smile on
your face and a song in your heart. Jesus
loves you so much and we love you.
God bless
you all. Bye-bye.